Rework chart repository structure (#316)
appuio/charts: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Place an '[x]' (no spaces) in all applicable fields. Please remove unrelated fields. -->
- [ ] [DCO](https://github.com/appuio/charts/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#sign-your-work) signed
- [ ] Chart Version bumped

> - [ ] Variables are documented in the values.yaml as required in [Helm-Docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs#valuesyaml-metadata).

Reviewer: maybe better formulated as

```suggestion
- [ ] Variables are documented in the values.yaml using the format required by [Helm-Docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs#valuesyaml-metadata).
```
